Where are you successful let's all get together.
I'll start right bloaters orders list and add a button with some C S S classes button button primary
where I will say display details or maybe you should even say toggle displays.
Now that I think about it but I'll leave it at this then I'll add my paragraph where I say any text
you like here I will stick to secret password equals tuna and I only want to display this.
Well if it is not displayed and if it is displayed I want to not display it.
So really toggling it.
That's super easy to implement.
I'll add a property to my app component which will name show secret any name you like of course and
it will set this to false initially.
And now in my app component I'll add a click listener to my button with event binding.
And here I will simply set shows secret equal to watch shows secret.
Currently it's not.
So that is a quick and easy way of toggling it.
So if it does fall it will be set to true.
If it was true it will be set to False.
Now with that I can add NGF here and check.
It shows secret is true and only show it.
In this case.
Now with this and Engy search still running if you go back and click this now you see the toggling works
as expected.
So the first three tasks are already solved.
Now let's move on to the fourth one.
Logging it to the console for this are actually duplicate the Spartan and coming out the first solution
with the easy toggling because for logging I will call a method now on toggle display maybe or on toggle
displayed on toggle details Excuse me any name you like.
Though I'll add this as a method in the app component.
And first of all I will still use my toggling code here so I will said does show a secret you want to
show secret it's not.
But then I want to log it.
So I'll name this log and it should be an empty array at the beginning.
And then here I will simply say this log push and I want to push a new number and this number should
actually take into account the current length of this.
So if this is at the beginning has zero items this will be zero.
So I'll add plus one.
So if you have one element in the array the Lanc will be 1.
So the next element should have a value of 2.
So this adds these items to the log.
Now I would output it below to a paragraph and I would choose a div element here.
I will use energy for on it.
And we learned that we use energy for by saying Let And now we could say log item any name you like
of law.
So off the property you want to loop through.
Generally the data piece you want to loop through that could also be a method called returning an array.
It has to be an array though.
So here we lock we loop through the log and between the day of opening and closing Pentax I can now
use stringin tribulation to output by log item that we did do it in the last lectures but it told you
that last item is a variable.
We can now use a template and that's exactly what we're doing here.
I'm outputting a log item.
So with this if we have a look at our application and I click this button you'll see that I add this
list.
It's jumping around because I'm adding and removing this secret password.
But you see the list is growing as expected.
The log is working.
Now about that coloring.
The fifth step here.
Well it's easy to do when using a number like this when doing so.
I'll go to my death and I will start with the style the black blue background.
So we'll use energy style and we learned we need property binding for this to work correctly because
we need to pass a javascript object configuring our styles when we want to attach which styles.
So the Starla want to attach this to background color.
I'll again use camel case notation though you could use single quotation marks to have background dash
color as a name.
And now here it's easy to check if a log item is a number.
Because I want to check and LAT a log item is greater or equal than 5 in which case background color
should be blue.
This is a string overwise it will be transparent or white to basically have a non blue background to
your log item of course is numbers so this check should be easy.
And yes you could outsource this part of course into a method you call here.
Generally having most of the logic in the typescript code in the body of your component is a good practice.
But here I think it's also OK to put it into the template and show that this is possible to which is
Ciechanow in place.
Let's see if it works as expected.
If I click this button the next item should have a blue background and it does.
So that's working but pretty hard to read right.
So let's finish the second part here and give it a wide color for this and my C S S file I will define
a wide text class name any name you like of course that's totally up to you and I will set the color
to white.
Now does white text see us as class should only be attached if we are at element 5 or higher.
So next to Engy style I will also add Engy class and I will use property binding so square brackets
here too because I need to pass a javascript object to the energy class property on the energy class
directive to have it work correctly because this directive needs to know which classes should be attached
when well between single quotation marks.
Since we have a dash inside the name I'll add the white text KLOS the Clasby just created here only
if the current conditions specified here as a value.
Returns true.
And the condition simply is log item greater or equal than 5.
Just like on the end style directive.
So if this returns true we should have the white text clause attached which should turn the text white.
Let's see if it works.
Ugly display details so.
Here the text clearly clearly is not white.
That is working and now looks good.
Blue background white text.
Awesome.
Now I will show a nice bonus to the solution in the next lecture actually where I will use time stamps
because it uses an extra addition of energy for it.
We haven't seen before.